c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\WpfApp1.xml
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.Resources.resources
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.xml
c:\users\vic91\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProvaStaditiques\WpfApp1\obj\Debug\WpfApp1.pdb
